2. Authentication
2.1 Registration
What: New client can registrate a new account.

Route: /registration

Formvariables:  - 'username': that's atleast 6 letters long and not longer than 32 letters. Also cant be empty
                - 'password: cant be empty and must be longer than 8 letters and less than 32
                - 'passwordConfirm': has to be the same as password
            
On success: - New user stored in db
            - User automatically logs in and it returns a JWT.

On fail: - Returns validationerrors.

2.2 Login
What: Client can login with their credentials 

Route: /login

Formvariables:  - 'username': Username that exists in the database.
                - 'password': Password of the username.
                
On success: - User logs in and the client receives a JWT token to access the rest of the api

On fail: - Returns badcredentials error.

1. API calls
1.1 Wrapper
All API calls return an object of the Wrapper type.
All POST calls require a Wrapper object to be send.
This class contains three fields
  - private Boolean succes;
  - private String msg;
  - private T data;

Succes Boolean indicates whether or not the call was successful.
Msg String contains information on why the call failed or succeeded.
Data T contains an object with the requested information. The type and content of the object is determined by the API call.

1.2 /Entries (GET/POST)
Returns all entries from the database.

@param no parameters
@return List<Entry>

1.3 /Exercise (GET)
Returns a subset of Entry classes determined by a given amount, from which language and too which language.

@param String amount, default value = 10
  Number of Entry classes returned.
@param String from
  The native language of the word in each Entry.
@param String to
  The translation language of the word in each Entry.
  
1.4 /Exercise (POST)
Receives answers from an exercise as a JSON and returns a Hashmap with score, max and faulty.

@param Wrapper 
The field T data in the received Wrapper must contain a List<Entry>.

@return Hashmap
In the hashmap, there are 3 keys:
  score: the amount of correct translations
  max: the maximum amount of correct translations
  faulty: List<Entry> the correct translations of those who were faulty

